We're now going to review a list of ten security best practices.
While we are discussing these best practices in
the context of payments, receiving, transferring,
sending, keep in mind that these are
generally accepted good practices for smart contracts.
So it's not necessary that you only use these in the context of payments.
You should as a rule use these for all your smart contracts.
Let's start with number one.
Keep functions private or internal unless they are needed outside your contract.
When it comes to smart contracts,
the scope of your variables and functions is very important.
While all data on the block chain is public,
you want to make sure that certain functions especially those that handle
payment transactions are either private or
internal unless they are required to be called by an external entity.
By keeping them private or internal you can ensure that
an external party cannot inadvertently call that function and cause harm.